[Music]
you know amazing stories about people
who survived a plane crash are also
extremely rare but what if I tell you
that one man not only stayed alive after
his plane dropped into the ocean but
also managed to fend off hungry sharks
for a whopping 15 hours until he was
rescued it happened in 1986 and this
man's name was Walter Wyatt jr. the 37
year old flight engineer was flying from
Nassau the capital of the Bahamas to
Miami on a rainy December day he was the
only person on board his twin engine
Beechcraft however it wasn't a peaceful
flight in NASA why it had his
navigational equipment stolen and now he
had to rely on a handheld radio and a
simple compass the plane had already
traveled over Andros Island when the sky
darkened ominously and the compass
needle started to gyrate wire plane not
to go off the course the pilot tried to
locate some landmark to guide him at one
moment he noticed a chain of rocks which
he believed led to Bimini the
westernmost region of the Bahamas but as
he lay a course to the north following
the rocks he realized two things first
Bimini wasn't about to appear from the
raging waves and second he was
absolutely terrifyingly lost
trying to keep calm why it switched on
his radio and sent a mayday distress
call
almost immediately he received an answer
from an Air Jamaica Miami bound flight
which then relayed his shout for help to
the Coast Guard but after that things
got a bit messed up although a falcon
search jet responded to Wyatt's signal
straight away the violent thunderstorm
and another distress call caused
confusion as a result it took the rescue
plane almost an hour to reach why it's a
Beechcraft that's why by the time the
white and Orange Coast Guard jet
appeared Knight had already fallen and
the right engine of Wyatt's plane had
started to sputter the Falcons commander
tried to encourage Wyatt by saying there
was an emergency landing strip nearby
just six miles he said and they would be
there
[Music]
the Beechcraft pilot follow the Falcon
little did he know that his luck was
running out all of a sudden his planes
right engine coughed and died right
after that the left fuel tank ran empty
and with horror Wyatt realized that both
engines had collapsed everything
happening lightning fast almost
instantly the airplane lost altitude and
started it's dizzying descent
Wyatt shouted he was going down and the
Falcons pilot could only watch in
shocked silence while the other plane
hit the sea and disappeared among the
waves circling over the place of the
crash he desperately tried to locate the
plane but there was neither machine nor
man to be seen several circles later and
there was still no life raft no flares
and no emergency transmissions it could
only mean one thing
Wyatt hadn't survived still the crew of
the Falcon wanted to keep searching but
the fuel gauge showed that their tank
was alarmingly close to empty at 6 p.m.
there was nothing to do but turn the
plane and head for Key West no one on
board could believe the tragedy they
just witnessed they were planning to
fuel up and return to continue the
search but what really happened when
Wyatt's plane dropped from the sky as
soon as the Machine touched the water
surface the pilots forehead hit the
instrument panel almost knocking him out
luckily he didn't lose consciousness and
was still able to control the situation
he felt the airplane bounced and slammed
back into the water grabbing two flares
Wyatt climbed out onto the wing and
inflated his life vest he felt relieved
when he saw the approaching lights of
the rescue jet he rushed to ignite a
flare and nothing it fizzled and died
the second flare simply crumbled in his
hands the situation was becoming more
and more hopeless the wing where the man
was standing suddenly gave way under his
feet within seconds the plane was gone
with Wyatt
to drift in the rough sea luckily the
pilot had previously taken a sea
survival course and knew how important
it was to conserve energy but despite
his attempts just half an hour later he
was already shaking and suffering from
leg cramps but the worst thing was that
he was getting desperate he knew that in
the darkness with the weather so stormy
and the waves raging around nobody would
be able to spot him in the water that's
why he decided to swim in the direction
of another Bahamas Island case out or at
least in the direction where he thought
case al was unfortunately in less than
an hour due to violent waves powerful
gusts of wind and the rough sea the man
was completely disoriented but what
worried him most was his life vest left
chamber it was softening since the air
was leaving through a hole next to the
inflation tube in no time the tube got
detached from the vest and the chamber
literally collapsed in a futile attempt
to inflate it again why it blew into the
hole left in the place where the tube
used to be and sealed it with his finger
on top of that when the pilot hit his
forehead against the instrument panel
it left a gashing wound which was now
losing blood the pain wasn't the worst
thing about that the most terrifying
consequence of his injury was that the
metallic scent of blood started to
attract sharks hunting in that area
[Music]
Wyatt wasn't planning to give up first
he took off his airline ID badge from
his neck and used his watchband to
scratch his last will on it Trish house
he hoped they would realize that he
wanted to leave his house to his
girlfriend Trisha also he scratched a
coded message for the rest of his family
his mom and dad
his son Walter and daughter Jennifer 143
MD JWT the etching red which meant I
love you after he securely tied the
badge to his vest he glanced at his
watch 8:00 p.m. and then out of the blue
he felt something massive bumping into
his leg sharks had arrived to have their
feast the man was a pace away from a
full-fledged panic attack the shark
seems to have left but Wyatt knew once
they smelled their prey they would be
back
besides the right Chamber of his vest
had started to leak before its inflation
tube broke loose as well once again the
pilot blew some air into the hole and
used another finger to prevent what
little air was left inside from leaking
out he struggled to keep his head above
the water surface and try to catch some
rainwater with his dry mouth meanwhile
the crew of the Falcon which had
replenished its fuel supply in Key West
was flying back toward the spot where
they'd last seen the Beechcraft the
rescue jet was being followed by a Navy
helicopter whose task was to spotlight
the sea below
Greta bleah the storm wasn't going to
calm down and visibility had fallen to
almost zero it was too dangerous for the
people on board so the order came to
return to the base the search was put
off till the morning far down in the
water the exhausted pilot felt another
blow on the leg
he kicked at it and panicking pulled his
fingers out of the holes in the vest
water started to fill it and for one
horrifying moment the man went
underwater he pulled and tugged until he
was free from the vest and managed to
get back to the surface to gulp some air
it took him almost an hour to calm down
when he felt he could think logically
why it filled the vest chambers with
more air and rested his body on top of
it he didn't know how much time he spent
rocking on the waves but eventually the
sky got lighter but just as the pilot
started to feel some hope he saw a
nightmarish view
a dorsal fin just a couple of feet away
then one more and another one the man
realized that the Sharks returned in a
pack and they were closing on him when
the first shark dived and headed toward
his legs
Wyatt managed to slam his heel
forcefully between its legs this spooked
the predator and it rushed away still it
didn't leave the man alone
circling nearby when two other sharks
dashed toward Wyatt he gave several
frantic kicks and managed to fend off
those beasts as well and that's how it
went a shark would charge at him and he
would gather all his strength to scare
it away at the same time why it
understood that sooner or later he would
miss an attack and that would be the end
of him when Wyatt saw the clouds part
and a bright star heading down towards
him he decided that he'd finally lost
his mind but several moments later he
realized that it was a Coast Guard
aircraft and it was circling searching
for him when the plane got closer
Wyatt started to wave his bright orange
life vest to attract the pilots
attention for one panic-stricken moment
he thought that they hadn't noticed him
but he was wrong up there in the cockpit
the captain of the aircraft was already
radioing the Coast Guard ship which was
just 12 minutes away from there
immediately the Cutter sped to the
rescue and that's when the Falcons pilot
saw the massive dark shadows circling
Wyatt he frantically radioed the Cutter
urging it to move as fast as possible at
first why it didn't understand why the
plane hadn't dropped the life raft for
him but in a minute he got the answer
a sleek boat rushed through the waves
and soon the man was already hanging on
to its bottom rung two men had to help
him up since he had no strength left in
his body it was 9:00 a.m. and at the
moment he was rescued he had been
bobbing on the waves for more than 15
hours Wow
do you know any other miraculous
survival stories let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
get lost at sea just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life